docs: add concept for DNS proxying in Istio (#1886)
kyma-project/istio: docs/user/00-30-dns-proxying.md

## Overview

DNS proxying intercepts DNS requests from applications and resolves them locally at the Istio sidecar proxy (or ztunnel in ambient mode). The proxy maintains a local mapping of domain names to IP addresses. If a domain can be resolved locally, the proxy responds immediately. Otherwise, it forwards the request upstream following the standard `/etc/resolv.conf` DNS configuration.

## Problems DNS Proxying Solves

### Reduced Load on Cluster DNS

Without DNS proxying, every DNS query from workloads goes to kube-dns. With DNS proxying enabled, the sidecar resolves known service addresses locally, reducing traffic to the cluster DNS server.

### ServiceEntry Resolution

When you define a [ServiceEntry](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/networking/service-entry/) with a custom hostname (for example, `address.internal`), cluster DNS does not know about it. Without DNS proxying, applications cannot resolve these addresses. DNS proxying allows the sidecar to resolve ServiceEntry hostnames directly.

### External TCP Services on the Same Port

> Istio routes TCP traffic based on destination IP and port only. Unlike HTTP traffic, which includes a Host header, TCP has no additional metadata for routing decisions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases TCP traffic in Istio is routed based on destination IP and port only. Unlike HTTP traffic, which includes a Host header, TCP has no additional metadata for routing decisions.
```

When multiple external TCP services share the same port (for example, two databases on port 3306), Istio cannot distinguish between them without unique IP addresses. The sidecar creates a single listener on `0.0.0.0:{port}` and forwards traffic to only one destination.

DNS proxying solves this by auto-allocating virtual IPs (VIPs) from the `240.240.0.0/16` range to each ServiceEntry. This gives each external service a unique address, enabling the sidecar to route traffic correctly.

## How to Enable DNS Proxying

### Sidecar Mode

DNS proxying is disabled by default in sidecar mode. You can enable it cluster-wide or per workload.

> #### Cluster-Wide Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Global Mesh Configuration
```
